one of the reasons I wanted to come here
tonight was to discuss our future of
course I plan on running for office
someday what I think we should break up
what oh if I'm gonna be a senator
I need someone serious I'm seriously in
love with you this is a type of girl
that Warner wants to marry a law student
going to Harvard it's the only way I'm
gonna get the love of my life back from
my admissions essay I'm gonna tell all
of you why I'm gonna make an amazing
lawyer I feel comfortable using legal
jargon in everyday life I object
her list of extracurricular activities
is impressive she was in a Ricky Martin
video are we always looking for
diversity welcome to Harvard don't be
scared everyone will love you no I'm
sorry are you here to see me I feel here
you got into Harvard Law wait like it's
heart I got a PhD from Berkeley MBA from
Wharton
I've been deworming orphans in Somalia
two weeks ago I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred
Segal and I talked her out of buying
this truly heinous angora sweater Malibu
Barbie lives I come to join your study
group our group is full oh is this like
an RSVP thank know it's like a smart
people thing I give it two more weeks
what is this we're betting to see how
much longer you're gonna last you're not
smart enough sweetie also you have
valuable woods to be MGM Pictures
presents never resume it's pink an
obscenity
I think it gives it a little something
extra a comedy about knowing who you are
you think she just woke up one morning
and said I think I'll go to law school
and showing what you've got we're
defending Brook window you can buy her
exercise tips on infomercials wait
exercise gives you endorphins endorphins
make you happy happy people just don't
shoot their husbands you're fired what I
have no representation
reese witherspoon do you remember when
we spent us four amazing hours in the
hot tub after winter formal this is so
much better than Legally Blonde oh look
how cute there's like a judge in
everything